(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
Yes, exactly.
(The Year 2017)
The president during our freshman year.
He used to bully us a lot.
Why would he come to see you?
Does he want you to sign up for an insurance?
No, I don't think so.
He always said he wanted to be an architect.
He must work in that field.
Hey, I'm almost here.
I'll call you later.
Hey.
Hi.
What did I tell you?
If someone calls you out of the blue,
it's always about insurance or a pyramid scheme.
I didn't think he'd turn out like that.
Didn't he used to make a huge fuss...
saying he was going to be an architect?
Yes, he was a show off.
Hey, everyone is the same.
We were like that too.
We told everyone we'd become movie directors.
Don't you remember?
Gosh.
I begged them to let you work as staff.
Don't make any mistakes.
- We won't! - We won't!
- I'll do my best. - I'll work hard.
I'll work until I drop dead.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Hello. Here's water.
Sir. Take a water.
Have some cold water.
Put it over there.
Hey, the sun is setting. Put this away!
Yes, sir. I'll do it!
- Take it over there. - Yes, sir.
There was a time,
a time when I had nothing to lose since I had nothing.
Twinkling eyes and earnest dreams were...
the only powerful weapons we had against the world.
- Cheer up, dude. - Gosh.
Gosh.
I wish 100,000 dollars would drop from the sky.
You can't do anything with 100,000 dollars.
There was a time when I couldn't estimate...
how hard the world was.
(Episode 8: Your Weapon Against the World)
How will Park Hyun Seok come to school?
He tried to toy with a girl and got humiliated big time.
She was a May Queen candidate, right?
History major, Ma Jin Joo.
Anyway, Hyun Seok won't leave her alone now.
He was furious when he left.
- What if he does something? - No way.
Did she go home all right?
Why isn't he picking up?
What?
Who is she talking to this late at night?
Hello?
Where are you?
You're out of your mind, aren't you?
No. I'm out of my mind.
What are you doing?
Get away before I scream.
Scream all you want.
I said scream!
You ruined everything.
Do you know how hard it was to date...
that ugly Kim Ye Rim?
I don't know that,
but I know that you're pathetic.
I told you...
I hit women.
I'll beat you up...
and go to jail.
I'll go to jail.
No need to go to jail.
I'll just send you to the underworld.
What?
Where did she go?
My goodness.
Hi.
Did you really run away?
You're crazy.
Gosh.
Why weren't you answering your phone?
Who are you?
How dare you...
If you want to die, keep coming at me.
Stop.
Stop it now.
That's enough. He's somebody's precious son.
What's the use of hitting him?
Why are you doing this to me?
It's because we pity you.
It's because you're pitiful.
You're acting and lying because of a girl...
you don't even like.
You're wasting your life, and it's pitiful.
You should be thankful that he came.
Otherwise I would've killed you.
Where did you learn to be mean like that?
Let's go.
And...
you shouldn't live like that.
Don't bully powerless salesman.
What?
I'm afraid my kid might end up like that.
What are you doing? Let's go.
What?
Okay.
Gosh, that was so scary.
How can he be so terrifying?
Without you I would've been in big trouble.
What?
You acted all tough.
You have to show them you aren't weak,
so they wouldn't come at you again.
Anyway, thank you.
But why are you here?
This is my neighborhood.
I'm taking a walk.
Because the air's fresh.
Taking a walk? In this neighborhood?
All the way here?
Yes. This neighborhood is perfect for taking a walk.
Why?
Well...
Just to be sure, I want to ask you.
Do you like me for real?
I think I heard that question before.
I told you.
I think I like you.
Since when?
You said you didn't like me when you asked me out.
I didn't like you then.
It was after that.
That's after I came here.
So you like older women.
Men in their 20's like women who are older than them.
I said I like you.
What are you talking about?
You don't have to know.
By the way,
you're probably better off not liking me.
Why is that?
Of course I look young and pretty now,
but there might be a mom inside me.
What are you saying?
Are you...
possessed?
By a mom ghost?
Come on.
Instead of...
liking me,
how about achieving your dream?
The best history tutor in Korea.
How do you know my dream?
What?
Physiognomy.
You look like a star tutor.
You look like you can earn about 60 million dollars.
Don't pretend not to know me.
Okay?
What are you saying?
You should go home.
Thanks. I'll get going. Bye.
- What are you saying? - I'm going.
How did you know?
Hey. Hey.
How did she know?
Even if you're young,
you're hopeless.
Why?
You told me to run away from home...
as if I'm gone with the wind.
I...
You shouldn't take a joke that seriously.
It was a joke. A gag.
This is why I can't even drink cold water in front of kids.
Hey, you should get it. They'd be worried.
They don't worry about me at home.
They'll just shout at me.
You should talk to them.
Tell them that you're all grown up.
That you want to decide whether or not you want to enter a contest.
Okay?
If it had worked,
do you think I'd have run away?
But you can't just run away from home like this without a plan.
Where are you going to go today?
Do you think I'd have nowhere to go?
Gosh.
(Motel)
(Motel You and I)
I don't want to!
How can you even think of...
overnight with a man?
You don't know how scary the world is.
If I don't do this,
I have to live like my parent's doll for the rest of my life.
There's no doll that is disobedient like you.
- What? - This is not how you do it.
You should get a permission to run away from home.
How would you get a permission to run away from home?
I don't want to.
Gosh. Hey.
I didn't know this, but you're so stubborn.
Hey!
There are no parents that don't worry about their children.
Min Seo Young!
Hey, you!
Dad.
I...
Nice to meet...
you.
Did you eat?
We just had dinner.
It wasn't much, but...
Follow me.
I don't want to. I don't want to go home.
Gosh.
There are times that I want to go on stage,
but sometimes, I don't even want to look at it.
Why don't you even ask me how I feel?
All right. Let's go.
Let's go inside and talk.
Gosh, they're still a problem when they're that old.
How old is he?
He doesn't look much older than me.
My goodness.
Boyfriend?
You?
Who said you can?
Stop it.
What are you doing?
He's getting scared.
I'm all right.
You're...
getting angry at us?
- Just because of a man? - Gosh.
It's no use...
raising a sister so preciously.
What are you doing?
You can have some.
What?
You can have it.
Thank... Thank you.
Why did you all come here?
Well...
we couldn't reach you.
We told you that we're going on a family trip, but you didn't answer.
You could live at home.
Why did you go to the dormitory?
Don't you really know the reason why?
Bo Reum, don't forget to eat.
- Jae Woo. - Yes?
See you again.
You're not going to see him again.
Don't contact him.
- All right. - Go.
- Go. - We're going.
Bye.
Goodbye.
You have four brothers.
That's a lot.
What?
Press zero.
(Crybaby Jae Woo)
Numbers don't start from one.
It starts with zero.
You're my number zero.
I like you so much...
that you're not even in the rank.
Number zero.
That's a good thing, right?
But why?
Is it because I'm too easy?
Yes, it's because you're easy.
I'm not... I'm not an easy man like that.
I like people who are easy.
Your face shows your emotions...
when you're annoyed, angry or happy.
I can imagine what you'll be doing 24 hours a day.
I like people like that.
Someone like you.
Is that so? Gosh.
It's not because it's easy...
to touch me or to kiss me, right?
It's hard for me to kiss you.
It's only because we do it so often.
I think about 10 times before I do it.
10... 10 times?
How dare you?
I'm sorry.
I only thought about it five times.
I thought about it...
10 times for you.
Aren't you going to school?
Mom, what's wrong?
She's...
a little strange nowadays.
She was always strange.
You're her sister.
You should pay more attention to her.
What's wrong with you?
Is something bothering you?
What?
Well, that is...
It's nothing.
What is it?
What do you think about...
Jin Joo getting married to someone from a rich family?
For instance, someone whose father owns a university.
I should earn more money.
Her mother-in-law will bully her...
about how she doesn't have enough money.
You're thinking about something unnecessary again.
And do you think only mother-in-laws from rich families will bully her?
Father-in-laws from poor families are worse.
Why do you turn the water on so high?
If you do that, you'll end up splashing more water than you use.
This is all our money.
You're throwing our money into the drain.
You need to conserve water.
That's how we can make a living.
My goodness.
How can we make a living by me conserving water?
You old, cheapskate!
What? Cheap...
- Cheapskate? - Yes, you cheapskate!
Cheap... My goodness.
My neck is getting stiff.
Mom.
That was too much.
Don't call him a cheapskate.
Right?
Don't you think that was a bit too harsh?
How can you call the head of the household...
who makes a living for us a cheapskate?
How dare you call the head of the household a cheapskate?
It's not like he doesn't want to make much money.
He doesn't want to be cheap either.
Yes, what?
I know he only makes enough to buy a stick of gum,
you can't say that to him.
Do you know how hard he tries to make that little?
Right?
Don't be like that, Mom.
It breaks my heart. Bye.
Goodness.
You idiot.
What? I only make enough to buy a stick of gum?
You must be happy that your dad only makes that little, you idiot.
Why don't you try going out and make that much, then?
Dad, I was trying to help.
- How dare you? - What's with you?
Stop right there. You!
Be honest.
I can tell something has been going on with you.
What?
Nothing's going on.
Stop lying.
You can fool a ghost, but not me.
Who's Seo Jin?
How did you know...
Who is this Seo Jin...
that makes you cry every single night?
Seo Jin...
I figured a guy you like dumped you, so I was going to let it go.
But it's been days now.
Who is this Seo Jin?
See? Look at you.
How much did you like him?
- Goodness. - Mom.
Yes, tell me.
Let's go to a public bath.
I'll scrub your back.
What?
Let's go.
She told me not to tell you,
but I thought you should know.
She applied for a leave?
Yes, she didn't say anything much.
She just said it was a family affair.
What is this, Sul?
I can't even reach you.
What happened?
After this competition,
I can rest for a while.
I'm glad.
See? You have to tell them to let them know.
How would they know it was that hard for you?
This is the first time they had a kid too.
You definitely seem like an old man.
Come on, I'm not old.
Look at this face and body.
What's old about these?
The way you act like this.
Like this?
Goodness, but I'm very relieved.
I was worried...
that I came back just to ruin your life.
Have you been somewhere else?
No, I'm saying that I was a bit worried.
You.
You don't like me, do you?
What?
Why do you suddenly say that?
I always thought you liked me,
but I felt something weird yesterday.
I was sitting across from my dad and talking to him for a while,
then I saw you in the way he looks at me.
What are you talking about?
Usually, when someone likes someone else,
their eyes tend to give away their hearts.
But you have...
the same eyes as my dad.
And you talk like him too.
Well, that's because...
you make me worried.
Anyway.
If you really like me,
you probably regretted sending me home yesterday.
You're still out of it.
That's so cool.
Hey.
Napoleon once said this.
"If I achieve my dream, I become someone else's dream."
A dream isn't something to hold onto.
It's something for you to achieve.
May I see that again?
- What's this? - This? A pool.
- Hey, what's going on? - I got perfect marks with this.
That's the president.
He's showing off his model house.
Write it down.
He should've gone to architecture, not civil construction.
We didn't get into this major because we wanted to.
We took up whatever we were accepted with.
Hey.
Did you do something to his brains? What's with him?
I have no idea.
He said Bo Reum is a brat yesterday,
but he can't live without his phone today.
Darn it. My gosh.
I don't have anything more I can say to you.
Don't fall too deeply in love.
I'll give back the report you wrote...
about your life 20 years from now at the beginning of the semester.
Keep it well, and make sure you read it in 20 years.
Let's see, why don't we have a few read theirs out loud?
20 years from now,
I will be an architect, which has always been a dream of mine.
I believe I will be involved in eco-friendly construction,
which has never been done in Korea.
Wow, you already sound like an architect.
I will achieve my dream.
It has a permanent protection on it,
so you can get it back if you end up never getting sick.
It's a great product.
Could you...
help me out?
Thank you.
My life 20 years from today?
(My Life 20 Years from Today)
I'll be the best movie director in Korea.
I'll get an award at Paeksang Arts Awards.
I'll be nominated to Cannes Film Festival.
I had such big dreams.
[VIU Ver] E08 Go Back Couple "Your Weapon Against the World"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Goodness.
Why are you in a hurry? Dry your hair thoroughly.
- Let me see you. - I'm fine. You should do it.
You'll catch a cold if you leave with wet hair.
Goodness, you two are such loving mother and daughter.
Are you a university student?
Yes.
My eldest daughter is a university student too.
She goes to Hankook University.
Goodness, really?
She goes to Hankook University too.
Really?
Goodness, you must've been a good student.
You have to be a good student to get into that school.
My eldest daughter studies so hard...
because she knows how hard I work.
She got a scholarship too.
Gosh, you have such a great daughter.
Good for you.
She's the only thing that gets me going.
She's the only pride of my life.
Ma'am, can you scrub my back?
Yes, coming.
Goodbye.
Here, Mom.
Why did you want to go to a public bath with me?
You never wanted to go because you were embarrassed.
Just because.
When would I get to scrub your back again?
Why? Was that the last time you did it for me?
No.
Look at you.
Goodness.
What a nice day.
Wait here.
Goodness, you're so adorable.
My goodness.
Do you like your mom's milk that much?
He's so chubby.
You're so happy.
Is he pretty?
Of course he is.
Still,
you were the prettiest when you were his age.
Your cheeks were so plump with baby fat.
You're so cute.
You're adorable.
Bye.
(Gunyoung Mart)
You'll be...
so happy to see my son.
Goodness.
You're thinking about having a son when you aren't even married yet.
Gosh. You're still a kid. How will you have a kid?
Anyway,
he'll be fair and pretty...
if he takes after you.
Right?
What's wrong?
What's going on?
- Gosh. - Goodness.
- My gosh. - Goodness.
Look at him. Goodness.
He looks just like his dad.
He looks just like you.
He has Ban Do's nose and lips.
His ears and eyes look just like Ban Do's when he was young.
He so fair.
Right, honey?
Jin Joo is fair, not Ban Do.
He had dark skin when he was born.
No baby is dark skinned when he's born.
He was really fair when he was this tiny.
They look the same.
Gosh, he's so cute.
Jin Joo, you went through so much.
I heard you had a long labor.
Giving birth isn't easy.
Great job, Jin Joo.
No worries.
Everyone does it.
- Look at him smile. - Yes.
He's the spitting image of Ban Do.
- Exactly. - Yes.
I'm your grandpa.
He recognizes you.
Mom.
What's wrong?
Thank you.
For what?
Thank you for giving birth to me.
What?
Well...
Why all of a sudden...
Thank you, Mom.
Okay.
I got it. Stop crying.
(Gunyoung Mart)
Sul is gone.
Okay. I'll be there too.
Hey.
Sul disappeared.
That's right.
She took time off from school around this time.
Are you a fortune teller?
What?
I didn't tell you she took a leave of absence.
It's obvious.
Jin Joo will be super nosy.
Get out of my way.
Where are you going?
To get money.
What?
His dad's wallet is ripped or something.
He's getting money, so he won't get beaten to death.
Where would he get money?
There's only one place where he can get money.
His father's piggy bank.
(Jin Joo)
These two were left on her desk.
Yours and mine.
Wait.
This is at my house.
Why would that be at your house?
- What? - It's handmade.
Goodness.
Why are you here?
Because I have nothing else to do.
Maybe something happened that she can't tell us about.
Should we wait for her to call?
She won't call.
Maybe she'll come back next semester.
She won't.
- Hey. Are you challenging me? - Hey.
Come on.
What are you doing?
He's right. We need to find her now.
She won't come back.
Did you call her parents?
Yes.
But her mom doesn't know.
I didn't tell her because I didn't want her to worry.
We have to tell her.
She even took a leave of absence.
Her parents must know.
Of course. We have to tell them.
Because parents are always concerned about their kids.
How can Bo Reum still scare me?
Her eyes are ferocious.
She was fierce when she dumped Jae Woo too.
Hey, watch your mouth.
Okay. I'm not a kid.
But you know that, right?
Know what?
Bo Reum...
dumped Jae Woo so suddenly.
She must've told you why.
I don't know. It's none of your business.
Anyway, where did Sul go?
Either she's after someone who borrowed her money,
or she's fallen for a pyramid scheme.
Those two are the main reasons...
for people disappearing suddenly.
Hey.
That was a joke.
Worrying now won't change anything.
We'll start looking tomorrow.
You said not to look for her...
when she disappeared in the past.
Because I was young then.
I thought that was being considerate.
I know you'll still search for her even if I tell you not to.
What?
The coaster.
The one I told you to throw out because it's all faded.
Isn't it that one?
Yes, it is.
You had it for 18 years.
That means you've been worried about her.
Even if I didn't use it,
how could I throw out a gift from a friend?
I know. So you should find her this time.
You're such an old lady with a warm heart.
Well...
Did you...
go home okay last night?
Why do you carry a phone...
when you don't even answer it?
Did you call?
I didn't know.
Why did you call?
Dr. Park...
No. Never mind.
What about Dr. Park?
Keep talking.
I called you because something happened.
I shouldn't have had my hopes up.
What do you mean?
You were never there when I needed you.
What?
Go home.
I'll go inside.
You were never there when I needed you.
Ban Do.
Come home quick.
Ban Do, hurry up.
Because of you...
Because of you, my mom...
died without seeing me.
You're that student, right?
The one who helped me back there.
Hello.
Yes, I'm that student.
If he helps you again,
just kick him.
That jerk.
- I'll help you carry... - Wait.
Are you...
Seo Jin?
Pardon?
I guess you are.
Thank you for helping me the other day.
But I don't like a guy who makes my daughter cry.
What do you mean?
She's been crying over him every night,
so I thought he was someone amazing.
Thank you for what you did then.
Goodbye.
You're not even good enough for her. Why would she like you?
I'm Choi Ban Do.
That's my name.
You're not Seo Jin?
No.
Gosh, Chun Sul.
Yes, you must have a drinking habit.
I heard you can fix that.
Good luck.
What? Where are you going? Hey!
Hey! Hey!
You did this when you were drunk!
If I see her again, I won't let her get away with this.
Gosh, he's so meticulous.
I've doing it for so many years.
Did he think that I wouldn't be able to find this?
Gosh, my father isn't that careful.
Hey.
What are you doing?
Go. Go.
Go. Go away.
Be quiet, and go.
I told you to go.
Father.
Go Dok Jae!
- Go Dok Jae! Stop right there! - No, Father.
It's not like that. I'm sorry.
There's a customer over there.
- Come over here. - Father!
It wasn't like that.
- Come here. Come here right now! - Father, no.
Come here. Come here!
- Come here. - No!
I'm sorry, Dad.
Open up. Open up!
I don't want to go outside and end up dead.
Go Dok Jae.
Gosh, you surprised me.
Chun Sul?
Why are you here?
I raised my child to be a thief.
That's my father.
You should either die of hunger there,
or get killed by me outside.
Gosh, Father,
have you seen anyone starve to death in a kitchen?
You scum! Come outside!
Come outside!
This is your father's restaurant.
- I didn't know. - Yes, it's our restaurant.
- Good luck. - You too.
No, where are you going? What are you doing?
I'm going to go out.
If you open this door, I'll die.
By the way,
I'm in this trouble because of you.
Give me the money to pay back my wallet.
What?
You know, the wallet that you tore up when you were drunk!
It's my father's wallet.
You can't run away.
I won't get fooled twice.
- Oh, my. - Come outside!
Gosh, Father.
There's a hostage in here.
You know that...
if she works overtime, you need to pay her more.
Hey, you should just get scolded.
It's fine.
I once got hit by my dad...
and broke my chin.
Father.
Do you want to pay her more...
or just go home?
It's going to be difficult for you, right?
- Don't. - it's fine.
You're going to take time off school?
Why?
I don't really feel like I came to the right major.
And I don't have anything I want to do.
I'll just earn money.
You can earn money later.
If I start early, I'll probably be able to earn more.
It's not like that nowadays.
You can't catch up to people who are already rich.
You can't tell anyone...
that I'm here.
Not even your friends.
All right.
I can keep a secret.
I won't tell anyone.
- Come here! - My ears are ripping apart!
- Don't be ridiculous. - It hurts. It hurts.
- My ears are about to rip! - Be quiet!
- Come here. - Dad, I love you. Dad!
Dad, I love you. I'll be good.
Please, Dad.
I'm dying. Dok Jae is dying.
Our family is going through some troubles.
Her father is staying at home because he hurt his back.
She's so mature for her age.
This is why I didn't tell her that he hurt his back.
Her sister must have told her.
Why didn't she even show it?
I didn't know this for months.
I didn't know this twice.
You're here.
Gosh.
You didn't find Sul yet?
What is going on? Chun Sul has gone missing?
Yes, but you didn't see her anywhere right?
I've seen her.
- Really? - Where?
In Busan.
What?
Busan.
I'm from Busan.
Weren't you talking about where I'm from? It's Busan.
Gosh, you must be crazy. You shouldn't joke about this.
She's not a child. You don't need to look for her.
She'll be fine somewhere.
If you disappear without telling us,
we'll pretend like you didn't exist.
Her mom reported her missing,
so we should just wait.
What? She reported her missing?
Hey, Chun Sul!
You brat. Goodness!
What are you doing here?
Why didn't you tell us?
Gosh.
How have you been?
During the IMF,
major companies all went broke.
My dad's small business was no exception.
They overdid it to send me to college.
Dad worked at a construction site,
and Mom worked at a public bath.
College is a luxury we can't afford.
When I...
buy a book for class,
I keep thinking that it's what Mom gets paid for scrubbing someone.
When I look at my tuition fees,
I think, "My dad won't be able to rest at all this month."
That's how I feel all the time.
You should have told us. Why did you keep that to yourself?
How can I tell you this?
It'll just make you all gloomy too.
When I'm with you, I feel happy.
But I also wonder if I deserve to have fun and laugh.
Gosh, this is nothing.
It feels like there's something separating me from you.
I've been thinking,
and I don't think I can just study while doing nothing...
while my parents work so hard for me.
Hey.
It's always like that.
Parents always work hard for their children,
and their children study while doing nothing.
Do you think that...
this will make your parents feel happy?
Why did you...
become mature so fast?
Do you...
know...
how many people my mom scrubs every day?
She scrubs over 20 people a day.
She hurt her wrist, so she can't hold her spoon properly.
But she goes to work again.
How can I just watch that and...
I want to do it.
Mom.
I do it because I want to help my daughter study.
Why do you act as if you don't have any parents?
If we fail in business,
does that mean we can't be parents to our children?
You're still young. Why do you try to act like an adult?
Our business failed,
not our lives.
Your dad and I can stand up again and again...
until you get married.
Why do you act like a grown-up?
It's so upsetting.
Mom.
Mom, I'm sorry.
I did well.
It's a relief that things worked out.
We might have never seen her again.
I know.
Gosh, Jin Joo.
How did you think of bringing Sul's mom here?
She's the one who should know before anyone else.
Her mom.
Right.
She'd be even sadder if she found out later.
You seem...
a bit like a grown-up.
No.
You suddenly changed over the last few weeks.
Do I sound like an old lady?
Yes, a bit.
Really?
I guess it shows.
So you know.
I'm sorry.
I've been a bit sensitive...
because my daughter has been a little weird.
Jin Joo?
Oh, right. You two know each other.
Anyway, I'm sorry.
Take these.
I always get some...
because Jin Joo really loves peaches.
Take them.
Then send everything except for peaches.
Yes.
She's sending us fruits.
- Really? - Yes.
- What? - Everything except for peaches.
Right, she loved peaches.
Why are you sitting around?
Hey.
You have a peach allergy. Why are you sitting here with these?
My gosh.
What's with him?
Hey!
Hey.
(Children's Jurassic Dinosaur Museum)
- Seo Jin. - Yes?
Do you like dinosaurs or Mommy?
- Mommy. - Mommy?
- Oh, really? Do you like me? - Daddy.
- Daddy? - Daddy.
Kiss the daddy dinosaur.
Gosh, great job.
Seo Jin, you want to walk into the TV, don't you?
Do you like dinosaurs that much?
You're so excited.
(Children's Jurassic Dinosaur Museum)
Are you Seo Jin?
She cried every night over him,
so I was wondering how great of a guy he was.
Seo Jin...
What?
Why am I here?
Choi Ban Do! Wake up!
Jin Joo...
We're back. Right?
I'm so relieved.
Thank you so much.
No, I was looking for a good insurance plan.
Hey, eat up. This place is excellent.
Thank you.
Do you stay in touch with people from school?
Of course.
You were even the president of our major,
and you cut us all off.
Civil construction major is all about loyalty.
If you ask them, they'll all join a plan.
You're right.
I was embarrassed to face my juniors.
It felt a bit awkward to go to reunions...
or call you guys.
Don't be embarrassed.
I went around saying I'll become an architect back then.
I'm embarrassed,
and it hurts my pride...
to ask you for a favor.
Everyone had a dream...
back when they were in college.
You're right.
But you know,
once I had a kid,
there's nothing you can't do in this world.
My gosh.
Do you have a son or a daughter?
A son. Do you want to see him?
Yes, show me.
It's him.
Gosh, he'd so handsome.
Do you have a kid too?
He's three months old. Look.
- Isn't he adorable? - He is.
The youth may have dreams and passion...
as their weapon.
But we have...
a bigger weapon that helps us fight against anything...
we face in this world.
(Mother: Ma Jin Joo)
Seo Jin.
I'm your daddy.
I'm your dad.
Look at our adorable baby.
This is amazing.
Ban Do, we did something really great.
Let's protect him for life.
Okay.
Seo Jin, I'll protect you for life.
So that's what you look like, my baby.
Mommy really wanted to meet you.
Daddy wanted to meet you too.
(Mother: Ma Jin Joo)